Hope
Hapless protomatter Steward, age 28
(use Hope’s stats for any Steward)
STR 26 CON 23 DEX 15 INT 11 POW 10 CHA 14
HP 19 WP 10 SAN 0
SKILLS: Art (Photography) 53%, Athletics 93%,
Computer Science 24%, Craft (Electronics) 64%,
Craft (Lockpick) 74%, Disguise 74%, Dodge 38%,
Drive 52%, Persuade 47%, SIGINT 61%, Stealth 92%,
Unarmed Combat 44%, Unnatural 14%.
ARMOR: Stewards are unharmed by all melee and
unarmed blows. Firearms have all damage reduced
to 1, and Hope regenerates 1D4 HP per round. Fire,
electricity, acid, chemical irritants, and hypergeometric
rituals inflict damage normally and stop all
regeneration for the remainder of combat.
ATTACKS: Slam and Strangle 44%, damage 2D6.
Grapple 44%, see “Draw Close.”
Swallow, damage special, see “Swallow.”
Kiss, damage special, see “Kiss.”
Mi-go electric gun 27%, Lethality 2%, 15%, or 25%,
ignores armor.
ELECTRIC GUN: This weapon appears as a pulsing,
softball-sized glob with three dangling tendrils. When
the weapon is picked up, the tendrils wrap around
the user’s forearm. The weapon is a biomechanical organism that can eject bolts of electrical current, sort
of like an electric eel. The charge of lightning emitted
from the weapon is variable, but Hope has no need
for anything but the deadliest setting. The only reason
she would turn down the charge would be to protect
her beloved Valiant, but in such instances, she gives
her master the gun and attempts to suffocate or rend his
enemies up close. The electric gun ignores body armor
but can be blocked by cover.
DRAW CLOSE: After a successful grapple, a victim must
succeed on a STR×5 check opposing Hope’s successful
attack roll to break free. On a failure, they suffer either
Swallow or Kiss the next round.
KISS: Hope spurts protomatter down the grappled victim’s
throat and takes control of their body. Any Agent
subjected to the Kiss loses control of their character
until Hope is destroyed or withdraws her parasitic
protomatter. The victim loses 1/1D6 SAN due to
helplessness.
SWALLOW: After successfully grappling a victim, Hope
liquifies herself, surrounds, and engulfs the body in
a constricting protomatter sac. Hope can then inflict
2D6 damage to the victim with each action without an
attack roll. The victim must take an action and roll STR×5
to break free.
SAN LOSS: 1/1D6 if seen as protomatter.
