Part Human, Part Ghoul
Inhuman shapeshifter, age 25.
STR 25 CON 25 DEX 12 INT 15 POW 13 CHA 11*
HP 25 WP 13 SAN 0
* CHA applies only in a human form.
BONDS: None.
MOTIVATIONS: Revenge on Delta Green.
Revenge on Agent Example0.
(Only as human) Protecting Agent Example1.
Dissociative identity disorder (transforms into
Agent Example2).
Delusions (sometimes can’t distinguish reality from
the memories of the dead).
SKILLS: Alertness 65%, Athletics 50%, Criminology 55%,
Firearms 45%, Foreign Language (Ghoul) 80%, Forensics
40%, HUMINT 40%, Law 60%, Medicine 45%, Occult
95%, Pharmacy 75%, Psychotherapy 80%, Science
(Chemistry) 25%, Search 55%, Stealth 85%, Track (by
scent) 55%, Unarmed Combat 75%, Unnatural 60%.
ATTACKS: Claws 75%, damage 1D8, Armor Piercing 3
(in ghoul form).
Bite 75%, damage 1D10+2 (in ghoul form; see
WORRY AND RIP).
Unarmed 75%, damage 2D4 (in human form).
CHARNEL VISAGE: In her true form, that of a loathsome
ghoul, has no CHA stat as humans would
understand it. Can transform rapidly between her
native form and any human form consumed with the
Changeling Feast ritual.
GIFT OF THE GRAVE: Consuming rotten human flesh
immediately restores 1D8 HP to an injured ghoul. This
may be done once per 24 hours.
IMMORTALITY: A ghoul never grows old, starves to death,
or perishes through natural causes.
INHUMAN AGILITY: With a successful Athletics roll,
a ghoul can leap five meters in any direction from a
standing position, scale any vertical surface, or drop up
to 15 meters without damage. At top speed, a ghoul can
run nearly 60 kph.
INHUMAN STRENGTH: Adds 1D6 damage to all
attacks with melee weapons and thrown weapons.
LIFE UNDERGROUND: A ghoul can burrow through
earth at up to three meters per minute. Ghouls thrive
underground. They prefer to breathe air, and may go
into a sort of torpor if suffocated long enough, but can
survive indefinitely without it. A ghoul can see in absolute
darkness, identify things by smell, and hear a human
heartbeat at a distance of 15 meters.
MEPHITIC MEMORIES: With an INT test, can bring
to mind the memories of any of the many human beings
whose brains it has devoured: insane cultists, MAJESTIC
researchers, murderers, rapists, Delta Green agents,
helpless victims, and many others. If the test fumbles, the
memories come confusingly and heartbreakingly to the
forefront of her thoughts, beyond her control.
RESILIENT: A successful Lethality roll does not destroy a
ghoul, but inflicts HP damage equal to the Lethality rating.
WORRY AND RIP: After succeeding with a bite attack, a
ghoul may inflict 1D6 damage on the same target each
turn, without requiring an attack roll. The ghoul can take
other actions while holding and worrying a victim. If
the bite attack pierced the victim’s armor, the “worry
and rip” damage ignores armor. The victim can attempt
an opposed STR test as his or her action each turn to
break free.
RITUALS: Changeling Feast, Charnel Meditation,
Obscure Memories.
SAN LOSS: 0/1D6 (in ghoul form).
